hi everyone welcome to Mahalo my name is
Julie today is song that we are going to
learn for Christmas time is the least
Navidad so everybody get your guitars
break out that eggnog it's time for a
sing-along the chords you're gonna need
for this our G major that starts on the
third fret of the low E and then your
first finger on the second fret of the a
your third and fourth fingers on the
third fret of the B in the E string then
C major third fret a second fret D first
fret on the B D major second fret g
string second fret low E or high E sorry
and then third fret on the B string and
E minor with your second and third
finger or first and second if you prefer
on the second fret of the a and the D
string like this
on your buddy
so what did i do there I played G to
start and then I did see
g e-minor
see
DGC
and that's how you do your course now
the first part I guess uh I want to miss
you a Merry Christmas actually the exact
same thing
thirty
me
the
a minor
gee I'm gonna sing it again the least
navidad to the fun
Merry Christmas everybody that's how you
play Feliz Navidad thanks everyone for
watching to learn more Christmas songs
check out this playlist featuring Jen
Thomas and myself or go-to Mahalo comm
slash play guitar